Updated install, dev and contributing docs (#4378)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/installation/advanced.rst

Advanced Installation Instructions
**********************************

> This document provides details on things you need to know to install and manage your own scientific Python + sunpy installation.

Author: ```suggestion
This document provides details on how to install and manage your own scientific Python + sunpy installation.
```

> If you have never installed or used scientific Python we recommend that you follow the :ref:`Miniconda installation instructions <main-install>`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have never installed/used a scientific Python environment, we recommend that you follow the :ref:`Miniconda installation instructions <main-install>`.
```

> Installing sunpy on top of an existing Scientific Python Environment

Author: ```suggestion
Installing sunpy on top of an existing scientific Python environment
```

====================================================================

These instructions assume you have a scientific Python distribution with access to the ``pip`` command installed.

.. warning::

>     Users of the Miniconda python distribution should follow the instructions for :ref:`main-install`.

Author: ```suggestion
    Users of the Miniconda python distribution should follow the instructions for :ref:`main-install`.
    Mixing packages from conda and pip is not recommended.
```

Prerequisites
-------------

You will need a C compiler (e.g., ``gcc`` or ``clang``) to be installed as we have a C library within sunpy that is built at install time.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
We do provide compiled binaries for sunpy for Linux and Mac OS X (we do not compile our C extension on Windows), so you might not need a C compiler. 
```

    pip install sunpy[database]

Other available options are: ``[image]``, ``[jpeg2000]``, ``[asdf]``, ``[tests]`` and ``[docs]``.

The entire list of options are encompassed by a ``[dev]`` option, so you can do::

    pip install sunpy[dev]

to install all the packages needed to run and develop sunpy.
However if you want to develop sunpy we would strongly recommend reading :ref:`newcomers`.

.. note::
    If you get a ``PermissionError`` this means that you do not have the required administrative access to install new packages to your Python installation.
    In this case you may consider using the ``--user`` option to install the package into your home directory.
    You can read more about how to do this in the `pip documentation <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#user-installs>`__.

    Do **not** install sunpy or other third-party packages using ``sudo``.

.. _testing-sunpy:

Testing sunpy
*************

.. warning::
    The tests will fail if you do not install all the optional dependencies.
    If you have installed sunpy with conda-forge, you will be missing the ``pytest-mock`` package which will cause the test suite to fail.

> The easiest way to test your installed version of sunpy is running correctly is to use the :func:`sunpy.self_test()` function::

Author: ```suggestion
The easiest way to test your installed version of sunpy is running correctly is to use the :func:`sunpy.self_test`::
```

If you have never installed/used a scientific Python environment, we recommend that you follow the :ref:`Miniconda installation instructions <main-install>`.

Installing sunpy on top of an existing scientific Python environment
====================================================================

These instructions assume you have a scientific Python distribution with access to the ``pip`` command installed.

.. warning::
    Users of the Miniconda python distribution should follow the instructions for :ref:`main-install`.
    Mixing packages from conda and pip is not recommended.

Prerequisites
-------------

You will need a C compiler (e.g., ``gcc`` or ``clang``) to be installed as we have a C library within sunpy that is built at install time.
We do provide compiled binaries for sunpy for Linux and Mac OS X (we do not compile our C extension on Windows), so you might not need a C compiler.
If you use Miniconda, you can get these compilers from there.
On Linux, using the package manager for your distribution will usually be the easiest route, while on MacOS X you will need the XCode command line tools.

> Using `pip`

Reviewer: This should still be double backticks?

Author: Yes.

> Using `pip`

Author: ```suggestion
Using ``pip``
```

> -----------

Author: ```suggestion
-------------
```

> -----------

Author: ```suggestion
Using ``pip``
-------------
```
